New processor extract_array (#11761)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/processors-using.asciidoc

 * <<add-tags, `add_tags`>>
 * <<community-id,`community_id`>>
ifeval::[("{beatname_lc}"=="filebeat") or ("{beatname_lc}"=="journalbeat")]
 * <<decode-csv-fields,`decode_csv_fields`>>
endif::[]
 * <<decode-json-fields,`decode_json_fields`>>
 * <<dissect, `dissect`>>
ifeval::[("{beatname_lc}"=="filebeat") or ("{beatname_lc}"=="journalbeat")]
 * <<extract-array,`extract_array`>>

> endif::[]

Author: We discussed this during the Beats contributors meeting and I recall that was the agreement. Maybe that only makes sense for the CSV processor? I will make it available to all, makes more sense.

> endif::[]

Reviewer: sounds like my comment is no longer relevant but wanted to mention that complex conditionals (with `and` and `or`) aren't supported by asciidoctor. To get around this, I'm using ifdef and ifndef statements that look for attributes defined in the book. If you want to see what that looks like, see the changes in https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/12006.

*Example*: `event.AppendTo("error.message", "invalid file hash");`
|===
endif::[]

ifeval::[("{beatname_lc}"=="filebeat") or ("{beatname_lc}"=="journalbeat")]
[[extract-array]]
=== Extract array

experimental[]

The `extract_array` processor populates fields with values read from an array
field. The following example will populate `source.ip` with the first element of
the `my_array` field, `destination.ip` with the second element and
`network.transport` using the third.

[source,yaml]
-----------------------------------------------------
processors:
 - extract_array:
     field: my_array
     mappings:
        source.ip: 0
        destination.ip: 1
        network.transport: 2
-----------------------------------------------------

The following settings are supported:

`field`:: The array field whose elements are to be extracted.

> `mappings`:: A field name to array index mapping. Use 0 for the first element in

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit hard to parse on first and second read.  How about: 
```suggestion
`mappings`:: Maps each field name to an array index. Use 0 for the first element in
```

             the array. Multiple fields can be mapped to the same array element.
`ignore_missing`:: (Optional) Whether to ignore events where the array field is
                   missing. The default is false, which will fail processing of
                   an event if the specified field does not exist. Set it to
                   `true` to ignore this condition.
`overwrite_keys`:: Whether the target fields specified in the mapping are
                   overwritten if they already exist. The default is `false`,
                   which will fail processing if a target field already exists.

> `fail_on_error`:: (Optional) If set to `true`, in case of an error, changes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fail_on_error`:: (Optional) If set to `true` and an error happens, changes to
```

>                   the event are reverted and the original event is returned. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  the event are reverted, and the original event is returned. If
```

>                   set to false, processing continues if an error happens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  set to `false`, processing continues despite errors.
```

>                   during processing. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  Default is `true`.
```
